Hey, let's discuss about a problem, and we'll together try to fix it, where we can use an AI agent or a model or a platform for that fix, okay? So what would be the problem is, so if there is a, there are like a lot of companies, in the lot of companies we have a lot of projects, right? So there's a lot of projects, like legacy projects comes to the, when you come to the legacy projects, where they want to migrate it, okay? And also where there are new projects from scratch, okay, where only two or three developers starting from the scratch, and they already implemented in a phase features with the features, right? And if some case, in some of the cases, when they're trying to sell the project, or when they're trying to migrate a legacy project to a new project, or else when there is a new resource adding to the project, when they need some kind of a technical documentation or technical KTE, or you know, overall subject matter, things and everything, something, which whatever, whatever it is, whole project source code, a whole project agenda, functionality, all these things, okay? So I want to create a agent, okay? And it should, it should be accessible, parallelly, all of the team members, okay, where they can just give a prompt, getting the details of the project, so something like that. So I am new to the, something like, if I am a new resource, I'm asking, saying that, hey, I got this problem, where do I need to look into? And if that prompt really helps me, where it gives like, okay, you need to check in this component, and in this line, or in this, this function is responsible for this defect, so you can go and check it. Something like that, you know, it's very, very related, very, and also very close to the problem solving, you know, and where we can fix the defects in a second, you know, something like that. How about this idea? We can improvise this, and we can get like an architectural improvement, and we can get something, some workaround on it. How is it?